Templates
---------
Templates allow you to write C++ code that will work with any data type.
If a function is templated, it can allow any data type to be passed in
as a parameter or to be returned by afunction.  If a class is
templated, it can allow any data type to be used by the class.  This is
especially important in Abstract Data Types (ADTs).  Basically, a data
type becomes a formal parameter to the template code.

Templates offer the following advantages
1. Use of code without any change to the code or any special set up
2. More than one data type can be used within the same application
   without duplication of code

For #1 above, if an ADT had been written to store ints, it would have to be
changed if we wanted to store floats, or changed if we wanted to store chars,
etc.  Certainly typedef could be used to make this more convenient but that
still requires special set up to use it.

For #2 above, if an ADT had been written to store ints, that would be the
only type that could be used in the application unless the code for the
ADT was duplicated.  For example, if you wanted both an int ADT and a float
ADT, you would have to have duplicate code for each type.  However, with 
templates, only the templated code is necessary and the data type becomes 
a parameter.

Additional Notes
Templated code may require certain relational operators to be defined for
the data type being used.  Examples include a templated sort function 
and a templated ordered ADT because these need to compare two values/objects.  
Built in data types such as int, float, and char already have the relational 
operators defined.  However, if you are creating your own type to be used 
in a template (such as a class), you may need to overload the relational 
operators (this should commonly be done anyway).

Templated code cannot be compiled separately since the data type for the
template would not be known.  Therefore, templated code must be compiled
into the code that uses it so that the data type is known.

