The purpose of this distribution is to show you how you can create an
iterator for an ADT.  I started by taking the List class from
template.tar.gz whose purpose was simply to show how to create a templated
class.  As such, it is not a very rich class in terms of functionality,
but that doesn't take away from the purpose of this example.

To create an iterator, here are the basics.
1) Create an iterator class.  In this example, it is called listIterator.
   Since the List class is templated, the listIterator class must also
   be templated.
   * The iterator class (listIterator in this example), has a single attribute
     which is a templated pointer to an element in the container.  Remember
     from class discussion, iterators function just like pointers and in this
     case it IS a pointer.  
   * The methods in the iterator class (listIterator in this example), define
     the functionality of the iterator.  As you would expect, the following
     methods should be implemented for an iterator.
     a. constructors - a default (no parameters) that sets the pointer to NULL
           and one that will initialize the pointer.
     b. the dereferencing operator* - simply returns what the pointer is
           pointing to.
     c. pre and post increment and decrement (the 4 combinations)
     d. operator== and operator!=.  I chose to not implement the other 
           relational operators because the list STL does not do so since
           comparing an iterator for anything but equal and not equal 
           doesn't make sense.
     e. operator+ and operator- (like adding to a pointer)
     Note: destructor, copy constructor, and operator= are not needed because
           there is not dynamic memory in the iterator class.
2) The List class must contain the minimum fundamental methods for iterators,
   begin() and end().  Each of these return a listIterator.
3) To create functionality similar to iterators in the STL, use typedef in
        List class to create a type called iterator.
           typedef listIterator<T> iterator;

That's it!  Really simple, huh?  :-)

